Add guidance for viewing financial statement payment dates (#2496)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: app/views/api/guidance/guidance_for_lead_providers/view_financial_statement_payment_dates.md

---
title: View financial statement payment dates
sidebar_position: 10
---

Providers can view up to date payment cut-off dates, upcoming payment dates, and check to see whether output payments have been made by DfE. Financial statements are also directly provided to lead providers by DfE, and contain the same information, but the below endpoints are available for ad hoc requests.

## View all statement payment dates
```
GET /api/v3/statements
```

For more information on this endpoint, [view the Swagger documentation](https://sandbox.register-early-career-teachers.education.gov.uk/api/docs/v3#/Statements).

## View specific statement payment dates
```
GET /api/v3/statements/{id}
```

Providers can find statement IDs within [previously submitted declaration](https://sandbox.register-early-career-teachers.education.gov.uk/api/docs/v3#/Declarations) response bodies.

> This endpoint is also useful when [identifying ECTs who have been moved to the 2024 cohort](anchor link to cohort change guidance when published - section about identifying moved ECTs).

Author: Good point.
```suggestion
This endpoint is also useful when [identifying which cohorts have moved between](anchor link to cohort change guidance when published - section about identifying moved ECTs).
```
